---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E1:UI_basics_technical  
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-01-31
---
I ran into many problems in BrowserHistory1, it took me four tries with an Sd time. I didn’t know how to screen record so I had to google how to do that and found out there was an application on the Mac called “QuickTime Player” which I found was very convenient because I didn’t have to download a new application. I decided to test out the recording before doing my WOD and I realized it didn’t record my audio so I had to figure out how to do that while recording my screen at the same time. At some point I got stuck because my server was not working, so I reached out to the professor to figure out why it wasn’t working. The answer to my problem was that I was running multiple servers at once. In the class we learned that there are multiple ways to run our servers but in my opinion I think that dragging and dropping it into the browser is easier to do. On my third try everything was going well but halfway through I realized that I forgot to time myself so I had to go back and redo it. I think that my best WOD was BrowserHistory2 even though it took me three tries, however I did reach an Rx time on my last try. On my first try I realized that I missed an entire step which led to my webpage not looking like how it’s supposed to. On my second try I got distracted from a family member in the middle of recording so I had to restart the entire recording. Before starting my third try I closed my door to avoid any distractions. Third time’s a charm with no distractions and remembering to not leave any steps out. In BrowserHistory3 it took me three tries with an Av time. I noticed that in my first two tries I’ve repeated the same mistakes in the previous WOD, which was forgetting to do a step. Overall I realized that I have a bad habit of forgetting to do a little step which definitely affects the entire WOD which is why the small details are very important.  
